<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [fetchAuth][1]
-   [fetchCallback][2]
-   [fetch][3]
-   [parseObjectPath][4]
-   [getObjectValue][5]
-   [isNumeric][6]
-   [isBoolean][7]
-   [strToBool][8]
-   [isDateTime][9]
-   [flatten][10]
-   [betterType][11]
-   [isTheSame][12]
-   [clone][13]
-   [merge][14]
-   [typedValueOf][15]
-   [parseQuery][16]
-   [getQueryParam][17]
-   [makeQueryParams][18]
-   [addQueryParams][19]
-   [extractQueryParams][20]
-   [isErrorObject][21]

## fetchAuth

**Parameters**

-   `username` **[string][22]** Username to use for authentication
-   `password` **[string][22]** Password to use for authentication
-   `bearer` **[string][22]** Bearer Token to use for authentication
-   `raw` **[string][22]** Whatever you want passed in the authentication header
-   `aws4` **AWS4Auth** Passed almost directly into AWS4.sign() See [https://github.com/mhart/aws4][23] for more info

## fetchCallback

Callback for fetch wrappers

Type: [Function][24]

**Parameters**

-   `error` **[object][25]** Error if any
-   `result` **[object][25]** String or JSON Object returned from the operation

## fetch

Wrapper around isomorphic-fetch library to provide common functionality such as callback usage and auto parsing of returned values into JSON objects

**Parameters**

-   `args` **...any** 
-   `options` **[object][25]** 
    -   `options.url` **[string][22]** URL to fetch from
    -   `options.method` **[string][22]** HTTP method to fetch with, defaults to GET
    -   `options.headers` **[object][25]** Headers to pass along to the fetch object
    -   `options.auth` **[fetchAuth][26]** Authorization Object
    -   `options.rest` **...[object][25]** Everything else is passed directly through to isomorphic-fetch
    -   `options.callback` **[fetchCallback][27]** Callback to be run when fetch operation completes

## parseObjectPath

Takes in a string and returns an array of strings that define a path.
Splits based on quotes, .'s and. \[]'s

**Parameters**

-   `src`  
-   `source` **[string][22]** Source string to parse

**Examples**

```javascript
const res = parseObjectPath('foo.bar[0]."biz-baz"');
// res would equal: ['foo', 'bar', '0', 'biz-baz']
```

Returns **[array][28]** Array of strings

## getObjectValue

Returns the value from the path or calculation against the given object, if no value is found then returns defaultValue

**Parameters**

-   `path` **[string][22]** Path to the value to be returned
-   `obj` **[object][25]** Object to retrieve value from
-   `defaultValue` **any** Value to return if the value could not be found or calculated from the object passed in

**Examples**

```javascript
//Currently the following will work
const data = {
  foo:{
    bar: [
      'bar 0',
      {
        some: 'value'
      },
      'bar 2'
    ]
  },
  'foo.bar': 'Different, eh?'
};

getObjectValue('foo', data);
getObjectValue('foo.bar.0', data);
getObjectValue('foo.bar[0]', data);
getObjectValue('"foo.bar"', data);
getObjectValue('\'foo.bar\'', data);

getObjectValue('arr[arr.length-1]', {arr: [0, 1, 2]}) > 2
getObjectValue('arr[idx]', {arr: [0, 1, 2], idx: 1}) > 1
getObjectValue('arr || this', {no: 'arr element'}) > {no: 'arr element'}
```

## isNumeric

Returns true is the passed in value is a numeric value or false if it is not

**Parameters**

-   `n` **any** The value to test

Returns **[boolean][29]** true if the value was a numeric value, false it it was not

## isBoolean

Returns true is the passed in value is "true" or "false" (strings)

**Parameters**

-   `s` **[string][22]** The value to test

Returns **[boolean][29]** true if the value was either "true" or "false", returns false otherwise

## strToBool

Returns true is the passed in value is "true", false if the passed in value was "false", or defaultValue if the passed in value was not "true" or "false"

**Parameters**

-   `s` **[string][22]** The value to test
-   `defaultValue` **any** Value to return if not "true" or "false" is passed in

Returns **[boolean][29]** 

## isDateTime

Returns true is the passed in value is a valid value that Date.parse() can parse, otherwise returns false.

**Parameters**

-   `s` **[string][22]** The value to test

Returns **[boolean][29]** true if the value was a valid value that Date.parse() could parse.

## flatten

Flattens an Array of Arrays

**Parameters**

-   `a` **[array][28]** Array of Array's

Returns **[array][28]** the flattened array

## betterType

Returns the type of the value passed in.

**Parameters**

-   `o` **any** Value to find type of

Returns **(`"object"` \| `"array"` \| `"date"` \| `"regex"` \| `"null"` \| `"undefined"` \| `"number"` \| `"boolean"` \| `"string"` \| `"symbol"` \| `"function"`)** The type of the value passed in

## isTheSame

Performs a deep test of o1 and o2 to see if they are the same.  Recursivly steps through Object Keys/Values and Arrays to check all child types.

**Parameters**

-   `o1` **any** First value to test
-   `o2` **any** Second value to test

Returns **[boolean][29]** Returns true if the two are the same, false otherwise

## clone

Creates a deep copy of the source and returns it

**Parameters**

-   `src` **any** Thing to clone

## merge

Performs a recursive merge of all values passed in, if two values are different (string and object as an example) then a new Array will be created that contains both values.

**Parameters**

-   `args` **...any** 

## typedValueOf

Accepts a string and returns the typed value of it, Boolean, Number, or Date().  If the string isn't a Boolean, Number, or Date(), then returns the origional string.

**Parameters**

-   `s` **[string][22]** The string to transform

Returns **([number][30] \| [boolean][29] \| [date][31] \| [string][22])** The transformed value

## parseQuery

Prases the query part of the window.location.search or the passed in string and returns it as a JavaScript Object.  Creates Arrays or Objects for nested values.

**Parameters**

-   `str` **[string][22]** The value to parse (optional, default `window.location.search.substring(1)`)

Returns **[object][25]** Object representing the key/value paris found in the query string.

## getQueryParam

Returns the value of the requested query parameter or defaultValue if it isn't found in the query string.

**Parameters**

-   `paramName` **[string][22]** Name of the query parameter to fetch.
-   `defaultValue` **any** Value to return if it isn't found.

Returns **any** Value found or defaultValue

## makeQueryParams

Accepts an Object and an optional prefix and returns a valid query string representation of it.

**Parameters**

-   `props` **[object][25]** JavaScript object to convert to query string
-   `prefix` **[string][22]** Optional prefix to prepend to the name

Returns **[string][22]** Query string representation of the object

## addQueryParams

Appends the given object as query string values to the passed in url

**Parameters**

-   `url` **[string][22]** The URL to append values to
-   `props` **[object][25]** JavaScript object of values to be appeneded

Returns **[string][22]** Mutated URL with new properties appended to it

## extractQueryParams

Extracts only the query parameters requested and returns them either as a query string an object.

**Parameters**

-   `paramNames` **[array][28]** Array of named parameters to extract
-   `asString` **[boolean][29]** If true then values will be returned as a query string value, otherwise returned as an object (optional, default `true`)

Returns **([string][22] \| [object][25])** The resulting extracted values

## isErrorObject

Tests the passed in object to see if it is a server side error object.

**Parameters**

-   `o` **[object][25]** The object to test.

Returns **[boolean][29]** Returns true if the passed value is a server side error, false if it was not.

[1]: #fetchauth

[2]: #fetchcallback

[3]: #fetch

[4]: #parseobjectpath

[5]: #getobjectvalue

[6]: #isnumeric

[7]: #isboolean

[8]: #strtobool

[9]: #isdatetime

[10]: #flatten

[11]: #bettertype

[12]: #isthesame

[13]: #clone

[14]: #merge

[15]: #typedvalueof

[16]: #parsequery

[17]: #getqueryparam

[18]: #makequeryparams

[19]: #addqueryparams

[20]: #extractqueryparams

[21]: #iserrorobject

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[23]: https://github.com/mhart/aws4

[24]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[25]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[26]: #fetchauth

[27]: #fetchcallback

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[31]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date
